in today's video we will go through the
events of 2017 science fiction horror
alien covenant spoilers ahead you have
been warned make sure to give this video
a thumbs up
comment on what your favorite part was
and subscribe to our channel for more
business magnate peter weyland has
created a human-like android device
he talks to it in a modern room
containing several forms of art and a
piano
weyland introduces himself as the
creation's father and asks it to name
itself
after having a look at michelangelo's
eponymous statue named david
he calls himself the same david asks
weyland about his creator
to which he replies that someday they
will discover the real origin of the
universe
and figure that out too finally david
compares his immortal life to weyland's
mortal one
this seems to unsettle weyland it is
2104 ce
11 years after the prometheus expedition
the colonization ship called the
covenant is in outer space
it is seven years from reaching planet
origai-6
their mission is to take the 2 000
colonists in stasis
and 1140 human embryos to the planet to
start human colonization there
walter is an android device that looks
identical to david
he is also the monitor of the spaceship
he recharges the energy grid for the day
as 14 of his human crewmates are in
human capsules the spacecraft collects
more solar flare than required
this causes the energy grid of the
spaceship to fluctuate vastly
the spacecraft is in chaos walter
reanimates the rest of the crewmates
from their capsules immediately
but the ship's captain jake branson is
burned alive in the capsule
jake's wife daniels is also a crew
member she is devastated by her
husband's death
but continues working for the ship two
of the crewmates tennessee and anchor
spacewalk to fix the damage done by the
solar flare anchor safely comes back to
the ship but tennessee receives a weird
single
christopher orem declares himself the
new captain when he gets back the crew
examines the transmission to find that
it is a human voice
the source seems to be a nearby planet
which upon examination is more suitable
for human colonization than origai-6
christopher wants to give the planet a
visit but daniels protests
she thinks that this new planet is too
good to be true however
in the end the group decides to visit it
pilot tennessee and two crew members
ricks and upworth stay in the covenant
to maintain it in orbit
meanwhile tennessee's wife maggie flies
a lander to the newfound planet with
other crew members
the expedition team finally lands on a
water body
the planet is hilly and looks a lot like
the earth leaving maggie with the
landership the crew members start moving
forward
they have to walk eight kilometers in
high inclination to reach the
destination they got the transmission
from
as they explore it the planet seems more
and more habitable
then they come across a field of wheat
someone has planted it but they do
not know who then they reach a
puddle-like area
captain christopher's wife karine wants
to stay there to conduct a full ecology
check on the place
ledward stays to help her they plan on
meeting the group at the same place
in a few hours there are no birds or
animals in the area
a storm starts to form on the planet the
covenant has a hard time picking up
signals from the team
ledward excuses himself to smoke while
working with karine
he accidentally steps on a fungus-like
organism spores from it fly in the air
and enter his body through his ears the
other team comes across
a massive deserted vehicle one that
might have crashed from outer space
they keep two of the crewmates at the
entrance and go inside to explore
there tom haleck comes across the same
fungus-like thing
when he checks it its spore enter his
body through his nose
daniels finds a chain with the name dr e
shaw on it
according to walter it belonged to dr
elizabeth shaw
she was a chief science officer of the
spaceship prometheus which had
disappeared ten years ago
the team then finds the source of the
transmission it is dr
elizabeth's voice meanwhile ledward
starts getting sick
karen decides not to wait for the rest
of the group the two of them return to
the lander
the other team starts walking back when
tom gets sick as well
the spores from the fungi seem to have
made them sick as maggie prepares the
med bay for them
karine arrives with ledward he is
extremely weak
the girls have to drag them inside the
lander then he starts vomiting blood
maggie and karen get his blood on them
as they might be infected too maggie
locks karen in with ledward and goes
outside to inform the team
ledward's back tears open a
neomorph-like organism comes out of his
body
it attacks karen and kills her maggie
comes in to save her but is attacked by
it too
it chases her to the other part of the
lander where she shoots him with a gun
this causes a huge explosion destroying
the lander and killing
everyone in it the other group sees the
explosion from outside
tom on the other hand is getting more
sick by the second his mouth splits open
and out comes a neomorph it attacks
everyone
the team tries to fight it but it is too
quick walter loses his arm trying to
save daniels
suddenly a bright light flashes in the
sky someone has come to their aid
the person leads the group to a safe
place finally he shows his face to
reveal that he is the first ever
intelligent android device
david he looks identical to walter he
and dr elizabeth shaw arrived there 10
years ago they were the only survivors
of prometheus
the ship carried a deadly virus that was
accidentally deployed when they were
landing
the animals that existed before they
arrived on the planet were all killed by
the virus
the pathogen had mutated and created
neomorphs that attacked them earlier
due to the heavy storms the crew cannot
contact covenant
according to david the storm can last
for weeks sometimes for several
months walter looks around david's cabin
david comes in as he is looking at a
flute and teaches him how to play one
david has more emotions than walter he
had scared the humans 10 years ago so
they updated the rest of the androids to
be followers
and not creators david pities walter
meanwhile sarah rosenthal a member of
the security unit moves around the place
exploring it she comes across a tall
neomorph it kills her
and leaves her in a water fountain
nearby when she
doesn't return for a long time
christopher goes to check on her
but before him david reaches the spot
the neomorph sees him but doesn't attack
it is as if it recognizes david he looks
at the creature in fascination when
christopher arrives
he points his gun at the beast david
stops him saying that the neomorph won't
hurt them
however the captain shoots it dead
christopher sees sarah's head floating
in the water
he asks david to tell him the whole
truth and threatens to shoot him
david then leads the captain to a closed
area the team in the covenant
is actively trying to connect to the
crewmates on the planet when they
finally do
they plan to land on the planet to get
them back to the covenant tennessee asks
them to speak with his wife maggie
daniels informs him about her death
meanwhile david takes christopher to his
lab
he shows chris several forms of the
pathogens that he had mutilated
then he takes him downstairs to show him
his successful experiments
there lies several pods breeding the
pathogen
david assures the captain that it is
safe and convinces him to look into one
of the pods
but as he does that a neomorph jumps out
of the pod latching onto his face
david watches as the creature strangles
christopher meanwhile
when the captain doesn't return for long
another team member cole goes to search
for him
he finds sarah's body and the dead
neomorph he quickly reports to the team
daniels orders two of the men to find
christopher while she contacts the ship
to land as
soon as possible they prepare to leave
david on the other hand watches
christopher wake up
just then his body splits open giving
birth to a new kind of protomorph
david smiles looking down at his
creation
walter comes into david's lab searching
for him when he finds dr elizabeth's
body
it had been dissected he then finds
david playing flute for elizabeth as an
elegy
walter has realized that the virus did
not accidentally deploy while they were
landing
he accuses david of releasing it into
the planet david does not deny the
claims
he says that humans are unworthy
organisms they are a dying species and
do not deserve another chance at
civilization
hence he will not let their colonization
program be successful
david believes that the neomorphy has
created our perfect organisms
and will rule the universe in the future
he tries to convince walter to be on his
side and kisses him
he then slices walter's throat to kill
him
cole and the security chief dan are
still searching for christopher
cole finds his bloodied body in david's
cabin just then
a creature attacks him he somehow gets
rid of it but then it lashes onto dan's
face
burning it severely a now grown
protomorph again
strikes them he then slices water's
throat to kill him it kills cole but dan
manages to escape
david finds daniel snooping around in
his lab daniels tries to escape but they
get into a fight
david strangles her and tries to kiss
her
just then walter comes in and saves her
lope and daniels run
out of the place while walter fights
david tennessee is coming to get them on
a ship
outside they send the ship a signal and
wait for them to arrive
walter has defeated david he comes out
of the place too
the spaceship has finally arrived the
three of them rushed to get into it
while being followed by the protomorph
they eventually get into the ship and
close its door but the protomorph climbs
onto it
daniels goes outside with the gun to try
and kill it while walter helps dan with
his wound
finally daniels manages to capture the
creature in a crane
walter brings daniels inside then the
group finally comes back to the covenant
upworth has paramedic training so she
aids dan's injury while daniels looks
after walter's cuts
she thanks him for saving her life
daniels is the new captain of the team
she is on her bed when she is called to
the med bay immediately
an unknown form of life has been
identified in the ship she and tennessee
rushed to the med bay to see a bloody
dan on the floor
the organism has moved to the crew
quarters where upwards and rigs are in
the shower
before daniels can reach the quarter the
couple has already been killed
she and tennessee plan to lure the
creature into covenant's terraforming
bay
and eject it into space daniels almost
gets ejected into space as well
but survives the confident ship
continues its journey
to its initial destination origai 6.
walter puts tennessee and daniels back
into the pod in stasis
as daniels is in she realizes that the
android in front of her
is in fact david but she cannot do
anything from inside the pod
the movie ends as david regurgitates two
embryos
and places them in storage with the
human embryos
thanks for watching make sure to like
and comment on the video if you enjoyed
it and subscribe to the channel to see
more of these movie summaries